This is the key 🔑 
(Examples & Free Tool ⬇️)

This question can be scary, but it doesn’t mean the interviewer will NOT hire you 🫂

Looking closely, the interviewer wants to see how you answer curveball questions and convert them into an opportunity🚀

Here’s my strategy to nail this🙌:

📌Acknowledge with a Positive Story
Acknowledge the gap and show how it benefits the company. For eg: “I may not have the exact experience, but I bring fresh ideas and am open to new approaches. In my last role, I brought fresh insights that improved processes by {insert story}.”

📌Other Relevant Experience
Rather than focusing on experience within a specific industry or role, highlight situations from unrelated roles where you developed transferable skills. Clearly connect those skills to the role at hand, using specific examples to prove your adaptability. For eg: 
My role as a team lead in my previous job required me to manage complex projects, very similar to the kind of projects this role entails. For eg, [Include a relevant story].

📌Adaptability using a story
Cite specific situations where you learned a new tool, process, or technology on the job in a short time frame. Eg: “In my previous role, I was asked to lead the implementation of a new CRM software that I had no prior experience with. I taught myself the platform in just two weeks, trained the team, and within three months, we saw a 25% increase in client retention due to improved relationship management.”

📌Align values
Research the company’s goals, products, and culture, then link your passion to those aspects. Eg: 
“I’ve followed your company’s work in sustainability, and that is what really ties me to this role. I’m deeply passionate about sustainability, and while I may not have extensive experience in this industry, I’ve been actively volunteering with a local environmental group, which has given me a strong understanding of how these solutions impact communities.”

Personalise to your interview and bring these 4 points together and you have the perfect answer! 

Want to know about my favourite secret interview prep tool? Just comment “yes” and I’ll DM you details 🤫 

Cheering for your big wins🫂
