Wondering about the benefits of this ancient practice? Coffee enemas ☕️💩 have been around for centuries, and are gaining popularity in the wellness world because of their unique and powerful biohacking benefits 🧬🙌🏻✨

So what can they help you with? 🤷‍♀️Essentially during a coffee enema the caffeine stimulates your body to produce around 700x your normally glutathione (master antioxidant detoxifier) in your body. 

👉🏼Glutathione is in every cell of your body and can help with tissue repair, aging, immune system, removing heavy metals and neutralising free radical cells.🧬 coffee enemas also dialate the liver bile ducts, increasing bile flow and opening up the bowels after for a release so to remove the toxic materials. 🚮

Basically a super charged liver detox - a coffee enema almost acts as a form of dialysis helping the liver to cleanse the blood 🩸 more efficiently. Pretty amazing from just an upside down cuppa right? ☕️ (keep in mind it must be the correct coffee - we only use the Happy Bum Beans as they are organic, mold & toxin free)

So what can a coffee enema help you with? Here are some benefits you may experience from doing this regularly. 👇🏼

1. Clearer skin - 👋🏼bye acne 
2. Mental clarity - hello focus
3. Immediate constipation & bloating relief 💩🙌🏻
4. Improved pelvic floor tone 
5. Increased energy levels 🤸
6. Decreased sugar cravings 
7. Less anxiety 🧘🏼‍♀️ better moods
8. Less period pain and balanced hormones 🌸
9. Improved hormonal symptoms - menopause/PMS
10. Less migraines and headache relief

Pain relief 💥is another big one that people report from chronic illnesses such as #fibromyalgia and #arthritis . Coffee enemas are also a part of the Gerson therapy which provides an alternative approach to cancer and disease treatment.

So if you are interested in the biohacking space or needing support and looking for natural options - this is an absolute must try! 🙌🏻 For more info and the link to our best selling bundle comment the word “HBDETOX” below and we’ll send you the link! 😍

Already love coffee enemas? drop a ☕️❤️ below!👇🏼 

#coffeeenema #detox #guthealth #biohacking #biohackingsecrets #happybumco #naturalhealing
